Documentation admin panel (#1492)
kartoza/sawps: docs/src/administrator/manual/django-table.md

Reviewer: I've made comments but this is administrator documentation so some of the instances where `user` is applied should probably be changed to `administrator`

## Activities Table

![Django Admin Table](./img/django-table-1.png)

> 1. **Add button**: Clicking on this button will allow user to add a new record in the table. Clicking on [add](django-add-data.md) will navigate you to add data record documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Add button**: Clicking on this button will allow administrators to add a new record in the table. Clicking [here](django-add-data.md) will redirect users to add data record documentation.
```

> 2. **Search**: Search feature to search specific record of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Search**: Feature to allow for searching of a specific object in the table using keywords.
```

3. **Toggle select records**: Checkbox to select/deselect records.

> 4. **Action**: Users can choose the action from this dropdown and perform it on a selected object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Action**: Administrators can choose the action from this dropdown and then perform it on a selected object.
```

> 4. **Action**: Action dropdown user can choose the action from this dropdown and perform on selected object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Action**: Users can choose the action from this dropdown and perform it on a selected object.
```

> 5. **Go**: Clicking on this button will allow users to perform the selected option on the selected object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Go**: Clicking on this button will allow administrators to perform the selected option on the selected object.
```

> 5. **Go**: Clicking on this button will allow user to perform selected option on selected object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Go**: Clicking on this button will allow users to perform the selected option on the selected object.
```

> 6. **Objects**: Available objects containing records. User can see the details of the object by clicking on the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Objects**: Available objects containing records. Users can see the details of the object by clicking on the link.
```

> 6. **Objects**: Available objects containing records. Users can see the details of the object by clicking on the link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Objects**: Available objects containing records. Administrators can see the details of the object by clicking on the link (i.e. the object name).
```

## Group Table

![Group Table](./img/django-table-2.png)

This table is used to store existing user groups, that will affect available options in the [Report](../../user/manual/explore/reports.md).

> You can assign a user to groups in the User Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Administrators can assign a user to groups in the User Table.
```

> This table is used to store existing user groups, that will affect available options in the [Report](../../user/manual/explore/reports.md).
> Administrators can assign a user to groups in the User Table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table is used to store existing user groups, that will affect the available options in the [Report](../../user/manual/explore/reports.md).

Administrators can assign a user to groups in the User Table.
```

> 1. **Toggle sorting**: Clicking on this icon will allow user to toggle data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Toggle sorting**: Clicking on this icon will allow users to toggle data.
```

> 1. **Toggle sorting**: Clicking on this icon will allow users to toggle data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Toggle sorting**: Clicking on this icon will allow administrators to toggle the displayed order of the data.
```

> 2. **Add Group**: Clicking on the `ADD GROUP` button will allow user to add a new group. Click on [add group](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation about adding a new group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Add Group**: Clicking on the `ADD GROUP` button will allow users to add a new group. Click on [add group](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation about adding a new group.
```

> 2. **Add Group**: Clicking on the `ADD GROUP` button will allow users to add a new group. Click on [add group](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation about adding a new group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Add Group**: Clicking on the `ADD GROUP` button will allow administrators to add a new group. Click [here](django-add-data.md) to see detailed documentation about adding a new group.
```

> 3. **Edit Record**: Clicking on the object will allow user to change/edit the particular record. Click on [change group](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation about editing a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Edit Record**: Clicking on the object will allow users to change/edit the particular record. Click on [change group](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation about editing a group.
```

> 3. **Edit Record**: Clicking on the object will allow users to change/edit the particular record. Click on [change group](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation about editing a group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Edit Record**: Clicking on the object will allow administrators to change/edit a particular record. Click [here](django-change-data.md) to see detailed documentation about editing a group.
```

# Django Tables

## Activities Table

![Django Admin Table](./img/django-table-1.png)

> 1. **Add button**: Clicking on this button will allow administrators to add a new record in the table. Clicking [here](django-add-data.md) will redirect users to add data record documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Add button**: Clicking on this button will allow administrators to add a new record in the table. Clicking [here](django-add-data.md) will redirect users to the add data record documentation.
```
